Feat: Add consumer group examples to ACL plugin docs. (#6773)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/acl/how-to/_examples.md

Reviewer: Can we rename this file to "_consumer-groups.md"

---

> nav_title: ACL Examples
> title: ACL Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nav_title: Using ACLs with consumer groups
title: Using ACLs with consumer groups
```
"ACL examples" is super generic and tells me nothing.

---

> ## ACL Configuration with Kong Gateway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ACL configuration with {{site.base_gateway}}
```

> In this example, we will cover a common use case: As an API Owner, you want to regulate access based on the type of request methods and consumer groups. Specifically, our goal is to allow consumers in the dev group to perform GET, POST, and PUT requests on all routes, while reserving the DELETE request functionality exclusively for consumers in the admin group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example covers a common use case: as an API owner, you want to regulate access based on the type of request methods and consumer groups. Specifically, the goal is to allow consumers in the dev group to perform GET, POST, and PUT requests on all routes, while reserving the DELETE request functionality exclusively for consumers in the admin group.
```

### Create consumer groups 

> Using the API, create a consumer group for  `dev`

Reviewer: Can you put these into steps (ordered list)?

```bash
curl --request POST \
    --url http://localhost:8001/consumer_groups \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    --header 'accept: application/json' \

>     --data '{"name":"dev"}'

Reviewer: Why are we passing attributes as json data for these examples? Normally we use the default content type and send each attribute separately. I can understand if the goal is to provide konnect instructions, but then the URL makes no sense.

I think we should either convert these examples to the standard format we use in the docs (eg `--data name=dev`), or have two tabs for each section: one for Gateway, and one for Konnect. Then this formatting makes sense.

Author: @jschmid1

Reviewer 2: No specific reason, I'll update this PR with the `--data "key=value"` formatting.

```

> Then create a consumer group for `admin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then create a consumer group for `admin`:
```

```bash
curl --request POST \
  --url http://localhost:8001/consumer_groups \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --header 'accept: application/json' \
  --data '{"name":"admin",}'
``` 

> Add a consumer to the `admin` group. Then populate those consumer groups with consumers using the UUID of the specific consumer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a consumer to the `admin` group by using the UUID of the specific consumer:
```
This is what's actually happening in this step.

```bash
        curl --request POST \
          --url http://localhost:8001/consumer_groups/admin/consumers \
          --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
          --header 'accept: application/json' \
          --data '{"consumer":"8a4bba3c-7f82-45f0-8121-ed4d2847c4a4"}'
```
Then add a consumer to the `dev` group. 

```bash
curl --request POST \
  --url http://localhost:8001/consumer_groups/dev/consumers \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --header 'accept: application/json' \
  --data '{"consumer":"8a4bba3c-7f82-45f0-8121-ed4d2847c4a4"}'
```

> ### Create Routes 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create routes 
```

> Using the Admin API and the [expressions router](/gateway/latest/key-concepts/routes/expressions/) create two routes, one that matches `GET`, `POST` and `PUT`, and one that only matches `DELETE`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Admin API and the [expressions router](/gateway/latest/key-concepts/routes/expressions/), create two routes: one that matches `GET`, `POST` and `PUT`, and one that only matches `DELETE`. 
```

> A route that matches when the method is _not_ `DELETE`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a route that matches when the method is _not_ `DELETE`:
```

```bash
curl --request POST \
  --url http://localhost:8001/services/example-service/routes \
  --form-string name=devs-and-admins \
  --form-string expression='http.path == "/example" && http.method != "DELETE"'
```

> A route that matches when the method _is_ DELETE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a route that matches when the method _is_ DELETE:
```

```bash
curl --request POST \
  --url http://localhost:8001/services/example-service/routes \
  --form-string name=only-admins \
  --form-string expression='http.path == "/example" && http.method == "DELETE"'
```

> ### Setup the ACL plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up the ACL plugin
```

> Scope the plugin to each of these routes with the respective `allow` configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scope the plugin to each of these routes with the respective `allow` configuration.
```

> The `devs-and-admin` route will have the `allow` field set to both of the groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the ACL plugin on the `devs-and-admin` route, setting the `allow` field to accept both groups:
```

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/routes/devs-and-admin/plugins \
    --data "name=acl"  \

>     --data "config.allow=dev"  \
>     --data "config.allow=admin" \

Reviewer: I don't think this will work. I'm pretty sure curl needs `[]` for an array, eg `--data config.allow[]=dev` (here's an example: https://docs.konghq.com/hub/kong-inc/acl/how-to/#associate-consumers-with-an-acl)

```suggestion
    --data "config.allow[]=dev"  \
    --data "config.allow[]=admin"
```

```

> The `only-admins` route will have the `allow` field set to only the `admin` group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable another ACL plugin instance on the `only-admins` route, setting the `allow` field set to only accept the `admin` group:
```

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/routes/admins-only/plugins \
    --data "name=acl"  \

>     --data "config.allow=admin" \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --data "config.allow=admin"
```
